Welcome everyone to the course of the Course overview lecture.
If you could do me a small favor please don't skip this lecture.
We're going to talk about a lot of really important things especially the guidebook which is a really
fundamental part of this course and it's going to help you a lot in your studies to become a data scientist.
So let's get started.
We're going to talk about quickly the course curriculum where to get the resources how to get help during
the course.
And the best approach for taking the course as well as be walking you through the guidebook that goes
along this course.
So first off just very quickly with the course curriculum is we'll discuss it in the very next lecture
again.
But basically there's a non-technical section talking about things like data science careers positions
and titles.
What knowledge you're going to need.
Then there's also non-technical stuff like how best to prepare your resume what to expect during the
interview process how to negotiate offers etc..
So that's kind of like the first I would say third of the course and then really the bulk of the course
is the technical interview questions.
So these are where you're giving a technical interview a question and then you're given an answer.
So there's other topics like probability statistics machine learning design experiments coding product
design metrics etc. So that's how the Course is basically split up.
You can feel free to jump around it's pretty modular.
So as you just mentioned Feel free to jump around the section's course designed to be modular so you
can approach however you want.
Some people prefer to do the technical stuff first and then jump to the non-technical.
Some people like it the other way around.
Really it's totally up to you how you approach this course.
It's designed to be as modular as possible.
Now the most important resource for you in this course is the guidebook that basically goes along with
every single lecture in this course.
So it's basically has a bunch of really useful links that relate to every topic we discuss.
So let's explore the guidebook.
The guidebook is a resource link in this lecture.
So as you're viewing this luxury is seen some little pop up saying there's resource for this lecture.
If not you can go to number three frequently ask questions.
There's another link but it's basically a Google document with a lot of useful stuff.
So let's go to that google doc and show you what the guidebook really is.
All right.
When you click on that link you should see something that looks like this.
Basically the data science career interview prep guide.
And if you scroll down you'll eventually see a table of contents and you also see the outline list here
on the left.
The pending What browser are using you may or may not see it or you may actually click X but don't worry
that table contents is also right here.
And basically what's really nice about this is that it has a bunch of fundamental resource links that
we discussed during the lectures.
So a lot of times during a lecture you'll hear you'll hear me say check out the guidebook.
Check out the resources there.
Check out the links and this is what I'm referring to.
So let's imagine that you're on data science positions and titles lecture you can come over here to
data science positions and titles.
Click on it and it will bring you down here to data science positions and titles.
And here has various links that are helpful such as a large list of various job titles and then in another
lecture we talk about higher education whether thought whether it's necessary not to have a Master's
Degree or a graduate degree.
There are other links there and other opinions on higher education etc. so that you can see here there's
lots of useful links when we get down to the actual technical interview preparation part.
So for example the very first section is on probability if we go back down there to probability slides
you'll end up seeing that each of these technical sections has its own header so we have probability
theory resources.
The very first link for each of these is going to be the slides.
So if you click on this link we'll go ahead and open this link in a new tab.
So we'll go ahead and click on it.
They'll open a new tab.
But basically here we can see the probability theory interview questions.
Now the way we approach it in the video course we're going to present one interview question then a
solution than an interview question than a solution.
Sometimes people prefer to see all the interview questions at first and then go through the solutions.
So if you prefer to see all the interview questions first then what you can do is come over here to
the slide show and you can see here there's interview question of one immediately followed by Interview
Question number two as again just a quick reminder during the video course once we show interview question
number one we're going to immediately show the solution if you prefer the method of seeing all the interview
questions first.
Make sure you approach the slides which kind of has it built like that.
We try to balance this out because some students like to see interview question solution interview question
solution other students like to just see all the questions first then all the solutions.
So depending on what style of learning you prefer you have either the slides or the videos or both to
help you out that way.
So as you go down the slides eventually as you go through the interview questions you'll see a slide
here that says solutions solutions are up next solutions.
The question number one to give you enough warning that the solution lies are coming and these slides.
We go over them in the video.
Now let's say we're going through a solution on probability question number one and we want the resource
links that go with that.
So for example the question of one consecutive coin flip.
There's little nicknames given every question.
You can see here a bunch of useful links that are appropriate for that question in the probability section
in the course in the videos the lectures themselves are just titled simply question number one question
number two.
If you go to the guidebook you can see here there's a little bit of a description as far as what the
questions pertain to.
So for example it's Question number one.
It had to do something about raining in Seattle.
So if you've gone through that question and you kind of remember how to do something raining in Seattle
you can come to the guidebook search for Seattle and you'll probably find what question we talking about.
OK.
So that's the guidebook really really useful.
We're going to be referencing it all the time during the course.
So this is something that's basically going to be your study tool for the entire course.
All right.
Now we discuss the guidebook.
Let's quickly go up and finish our presentation.
All right we're back.
We just explored the guidebook.
Let's go ahead and finish off this lecture.
So the next thing I want to cover is how to get help during the course.
If you're ever facing any sort of technical issues or platform issues things like the video is taking
a long time to load.
Or are you having issues giving a comment or posting issues just platform issues in general.
Please e-mail support at you to me dot com.
Actually don't control the platform so there's not much I can be able to help you with there.
But if you send e-mail to them or go to the support page and open up a ticket directly.
The friendly folks that to me are going to be happy to help you out.
Again I can't really help you out with video buffering issues.
Please e-mail support to me dot com and they're happy to help you there.
If you have questions related to the course this is the pathway I would recommend approaching to get
the answer to your question as fast as possible.
Honestly I would just do a quick Google search first because a lot of other people have probably had
the same question as you and posted it on some sort of stack overflow or stack exchange forum and you
can quickly find an answer that way if you're still having trouble with whatever question then I would
suggest do a search in the guidebook.
Check out the research links.
There are a lot of them are made to kind of preemptively answer questions that may pop up if you still
haven't found the answer.
Do do me a favor do a quick search in the Q&A forums.
A lot of people often have the same questions so you can do a search in the Q&A forums and talk to other
students who have had the same question that may have already been previously answered by me.
If you do all that and still there's no answer to your question feel free to post the Q&A forums and
either I or the t.a will be happy to help you out.
As a quick note we can't personally help you with current interviews due to some non-disclosure agreements
that were allowed us to actually create this course.
You can feel free to post interview questions that you've been stuck on for other students to help collaborate
on.
But again we personally cannot help you on your interviews that goes against some agreements we've made.
Some other quick notes you can change the playback speed.
So for going too slow for you or too fast you can click on a little gear box in the video.
You can either slow it down or speed it up and you can also change the video streaming quality.
Also if you want to download the videos you can use that you did the app to do that.
And as I just mentioned all slides are linked to in the guidebooks are really the guidebook has everything
you need.
Finally I want to discuss the best way to approach the course.
Really what this course is it starts off non-technical very brief overviews of how you can approach
data science interviews and a data science career in general and then really what the meat of the Course
is.
It's a list of real example interview questions sourced from real companies and then the solutions to
those questions are a lot of times the research that I've seen on line they just provide interview questions
with no real solutions.
So we try to actually add in solutions to these interview questions.
Keep in mind you're really going to need to do extensive self-study to prepare for any data science
interview the interview questions are real questions from Silicon Valley tech companies companies like
Google Facebook Air B and B.
So you can expect them to be extremely challenging these data science questions can be some of the hardest
questions you've ever faced in an interview setting and to be honest if I just went and called on a
lot of these questions without having studied beforehand I probably would not do that well.
And I do data science all the time.
So really expect these questions to be really challenging and you're going to need to really prep a
lot for your data science interviews.
So if you're facing questions and you find them really really hard.
Don't worry that's totally normal.
And finally a huge thank you for enrolling in this course.
And I'll let you get to it.
I'll see you at the next lecture.